false
0001970622

0001970622

2026-06-15
2026-06-15

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
June 15, 2026

USA Rare Earth, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its
Charter)

Delaware

001-41711

98-1720278

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation)

(Commission File Number)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

100 W. Airport Road, Stillwater, OK 74075

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

(813) 867-6155

(Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code)

Not applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since
Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☒
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001

USAR

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☒

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

EXPLANATORY NOTE

As previously announced, USA Rare Earth, Inc. (“USAR,”
“we,” “our,” and “us”) entered into a definitive Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”),
dated as of April 19, 2026, by and among (i) USAR, (ii) Middlebury Merger Sub Ltd., a business company limited by shares incorporated
under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and an indirect, wholly owned Subsidiary of USAR, (iii) SVRE Holdings Ltd., a business company
limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (“SVRE”), and (iv) Serra Verde Rare Earths Ltd.,
a company incorporated and existing under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, solely in its capacity as the representative of SVRE’s
shareholders. The Merger Agreement provides for the merger of SVRE with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub surviving such merger as
an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of USAR.

1

Item 8.01 Other Events.

In connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement (the “Merger”), on June 15, 2026, USAR filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”)
Amendment No. 1 (“Amendment No. 1”) to the preliminary proxy statement that that was filed on Schedule 14A on May 13, 2026
(together with Amendment No. 1, the “Preliminary Proxy Statement”), which included USAR’s unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and for the year ended December 31, 2025, giving effect
to the Merger (the “Updated USAR Pro Forma Financial Statements”). USAR is filing this Current Report on Form 8-K for the
purpose of disclosing the Updated USAR Pro Forma Financial Statements and certain other updated disclosures that were included in Amendment
No. 1. The Updated USAR Pro Forma Financial Statements and other updated disclosures are included in Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2 hereto.
As a public company, our filings are subject to review by the SEC, including the Preliminary Proxy Statement, filed in connection with
the Merger, which includes USAR’s pro forma financial statements referenced above, which could cause changes or modifications to
such information.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This report, including the exhibits filed hereto,
contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements
include those relating to the proposed U.S. government collaboration and the expected timing of executing definitive documents relating
thereto, the proposed acquisition of Serra Verde Group (“SVG”), our business plans, strategy, goals and prospects, our plans
for and prospects of our other acquisitions, investments and other business development activities, including the announced Carester SAS
(“Carester”) and Texas Mineral Resources Corp. (“TMRC”) transactions and other statements regarding USAR’s
expectations for future development, operations, strategies, transactions and financial performance. Such statements can be identified
by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Words such as “aim,” “anticipate,”
“believe,” “can,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “growth,”
“intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “potential,” “project,” “propose,”
“should,” “target,” “vision,” “will,” “would” and similar expressions may
identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.

Forward-looking statements are subject to risks
and uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations,
including without limitation: risks that the proposed transactions with Serra Verde Group, Carester SAS and Texas Mineral Resources Corp.
may not be consummated on their anticipated timelines or at all; we may not realize the anticipated benefits of our proposed and prior
acquisitions, including expected synergies, financial performance, estimated EBITDA and, in the case of Serra Verde Group, integration
of operations, on the anticipated timeline or at all; the ability of our Stillwater facility or other future magnet manufacturing facilities
to commence commercial operations on the timing and with the production capacity anticipated or at all; our limited operating history;
our ability to commercially extract minerals from the Round Top deposit on our anticipated timeline or at all; risks that we may experience
delays, unforeseen expenses, increased capital costs, and other complications in operating our business; our ability to raise necessary
capital on acceptable terms or at all; potential dilution to existing stockholders and adverse effect on our stock price if we issue
additional common stock or equity-linked securities; the volatility of our stock price; our ability to satisfy project milestones and
other conditions to disbursement under our financing arrangement with the Department of Commerce (“DOC”) on the anticipated
timeline or at all; our dependence on continued governmental support for the DOC financing transactions, which remains subject to changes
in laws, regulations, administrations and appropriations; extensive affirmative and negative covenants, domestic content and national
security guardrail provisions and ongoing reporting obligations in the DOC financing agreements that restrict our operational and financial
flexibility; the risk that defaults under the DOC funding agreements could trigger cross-defaults across our financing arrangements;
the impact of the DOC’s equity interest in us on our ability to pursue strategic transactions and on our relationships with customers,
suppliers, partners and other counterparties; the availability of rare earth oxide, metal feedstock and other materials, utilities (including
power and water) and equipment in quantities and prices that allow us to develop and commercially operate our Stillwater facility and
other facilities; our ability to meet individual customer specifications and manufacture a consistently high quality product; fluctuations
in demand for and prices of our products, including without limitation as a result of dumping, predatory pricing and other tactics by
the Company’s competitors or state actors or the overall competitive environment; our ability to achieve positive cash flow or
profitability or the ability to access cash flow within our corporate structure due to restrictions contained in our financing agreements;
our ability to convert current commercial discussions and/or memorandums of understanding with customers for the sale of our neo magnets
and other products into definitive orders; geopolitical developments or disruptions, such as changes in the political environment, export/import
or environmental policy of the People’s Republic of China, the United States or other countries in which we operate or sell products
or otherwise; war, terrorism, natural disasters or public health emergencies; our ability to retain or recruit key personnel; environmental,
health and safety regulations; and our ability to comply with requirements for federal, state and local government incentives and financing.

2

Additional risks and detailed information regarding
factors that may cause actual results to differ materially has been and will be included in the Company’s filings with the SEC.
Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report (or such other date as is specified in such statements), and USAR
undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments, except
to the extent required by law.

Additional Information and Where to Find It

In connection with the Merger, USAR filed the Preliminary
Proxy Statement and, following SEC review, intends to file a definitive proxy statement (together with any amendments or supplements thereto,
the “Proxy Statement”), to be distributed to USAR’s stockholders in connection with USAR’s solicitation
of proxies for the vote by USAR’s stockholders with respect to the issuance of USAR common stock as merger consideration and other
matters described in the Proxy Statement. SVRE’s shareholders approved the merger by written consent which was delivered concurrently
with the signing of the merger agreement and will not receive a proxy statement or prospectus. USAR also plans to file with or furnish
to the SEC other relevant documents regarding the Merger. After SEC review of the preliminary proxy statement is completed, the definitive
Proxy Statement will be mailed to stockholders of USAR. BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING OR INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS
ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND ALL OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT ARE OR WILL BE FILED WITH OR FURNISHED TO THE SEC, AS WELL
AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS, CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN OR
WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE MERGER AND RELATED MATTERS.

Investors and security holders will be able to
obtain free copies of the Proxy Statement and other documents containing important information about USAR and the Merger, once such documents
are filed with or furnished to the SEC through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Copies of the documents filed with or
furnished to the SEC by USAR will be available free of charge on USAR’s website at investors.usare.com or by contacting USAR’s
Investor Relations department by email at IR@usare.com. The information included on, or accessible through, USAR’s website is not
incorporated by reference into this communication.

Participants in the Solicitation

USAR and certain of its directors and executive
officers and other members of its management and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect
of the Merger.

Information about the directors and executive officers
of USAR, including a description of their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, is contained in USAR’s
Preliminary Proxy Statement. Any changes in the holdings of USAR’s securities by USAR’s directors or executive officers from
the amounts described in the Preliminary Proxy Statement will be reflected in Statements of Changes in Beneficial Ownership on Form 4
(“Form 4”) or Annual Statements of Changes in Beneficial Ownership of Securities on Form 5 (“Form 5”)
subsequently filed with the SEC and available at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Additional information regarding the interests
of such participants will be contained in the Proxy Statement when available.

No Offer or Solicitation

This communication is for informational purposes
only and is not intended to and shall not constitute an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities,
or a solicitation of any vote or approval on the Merger or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in
which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such
jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made, except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or pursuant to an applicable exemption therefrom.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

The following exhibits are attached with this current
report on Form 8-K:

Exhibit No.

Description

99.1

Unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements of USAR as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2026, and for the year ended December 31, 2025

99.2

Other Updated Disclosures

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

3

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

USA Rare Earth, Inc.

Date: June 15, 2026
By:
/s/ Valerie Ford Jacob

Valerie Ford Jacob

Chief Legal Officer

4