6-K
1
tm2620683d1_6k.htm
FORM 6-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 6-K

Report of Foreign Private Issuer

Pursuant to Rule 13a-16 or 15d-16 of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

July 17, 2026

NEBIUS GROUP N.V.

Schiphol Boulevard 165

1118 BG, Schiphol, the Netherlands.

Tel: +31 202 066 970

(Address, Including ZIP Code, and Telephone
Number,

Including Area Code, of Registrant’s Principal
Executive Offices)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual
reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F.

Form 20-F x Form 40-F
¨

ASSET BACKED FACILITY

On July 10, 2026, Nebius Compute II,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “US Borrower”), and Nebius Compute II Oy, a Finnish limited liability company
(the “Finnish Borrower”; together with the US Borrower, the “Borrowers”), each an indirect wholly owned subsidiary
of Nebius Group N.V. (the “Company”), entered into a Senior Facility Agreement (the “Facility Agreement”) with
(i) MUFG Bank, Ltd., London Branch, as mandated lead arranger, underwriter, sole bookrunner and structuring agent, and as agent on behalf
of the financial institutions party thereto (the “Lenders”), and the Security Agent (as defined below) (in such capacity,
the “Agent”), (ii) the Lenders and (iii) Kroll Trustee Services Limited, as security trustee for the Lenders (in such capacity,
the “Security Agent”). The Facility Agreement provides for a senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount
of approximately $775 million. The Facility Agreement was entered into primarily to finance the buildout of the Company’s AI cloud.

Amounts borrowed under the Facility
Agreement are subject to an interest rate per annum equal to Term SOFR (with a floor of 0.00%) plus an applicable margin of 2.50% per
annum for a one-month interest period. The Borrowers may voluntarily prepay outstanding loans under the Facility Agreement upon ten business
days’ prior notice to the Agent without premium or penalty, other than customary “breakage” costs. The maturity date
of the Facility Agreement is October 31, 2030.

The Borrowers are required to comply
with certain financial covenants under the Facility Agreement, including a debt service coverage ratio of 1.15:1.00 and a minimum liquidity
requirement. The Facility Agreement contains other affirmative and negative covenants and customary events of default.

All obligations under the Facility
Agreement are secured, subject to certain exceptions, by substantially all of each Borrower’s assets, and the shares of the Borrowers
held indirectly by the Company.

Subject to certain exceptions, the Company has
provided (i) a non-recourse guaranty for specified “bad acts” of the Borrowers and (ii) a performance guarantee of certain
obligations of Nebius B.V., Dutch private limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (in its capacity as manager),
under a management agreement, and Nebius DC Oy, a Finnish limited liability company and indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
under a data center colocation agreement.

A press release announcing the signing of the
Facility Agreement is attached as Exhibit 99.1.

INDEX TO EXHIBITS

Exhibit No.

Description

99.1

Press release of Nebius Group N.V., dated July 17, 2026, announcing signing of the Facility Agreement.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

NEBIUS GROUP N.V.

Date: July 17, 2026
By:
/s/ NATHALIE VAN WIGGEN

Nathalie van Wiggen

Company Secretary